Trent had it all a successful business
we can dispose of this land and make 2
million bucks a beautiful wife
a lot of sex and a girlfriend getting
involved with her was easy
how would you like to spend 4 days and
nights with me and lying to her was
convenient I guess I'm gonna have to be
cheaping it around with some surveyor
for 3 or 4 days out and then over with a
cab in adventure but now they've gone
too far
I'm in the import-export business drugs
heroin muslin he's been seduced you see
customs almost never suspected as Devils
for like a million other people deceived
put the gun down
I've been trade I have a rather valuable
property Houston
Baretta
your fingerprints on the 750,000 hours
because getting away with murder I never
killed anybody before wasn't part of a
deal
I'm gonna find some hard evidence and
then you're gonna go to you he wasn't
exactly innocent what did you do with
the gun mr. Dietrich to get rid of there
he called me but no he's in too deep
tire is probably a pretty good idea
right now
and the only thing he has to be afraid
of is hard evidence I did my part I
brought the money to bring the gun
brought this on instead
very rock and roll
Gregory Harrison Ali Timmons joan
severance evidence